Update zoom description for GUI (closes #135) (#136)
timholy/ProfileView.jl: README.md

  for later investigation.

- Right-clicking on a bar calls the `edit()` function to open the line

>   in an editor.  (On a Mac trackpad, use a 2-fingered tap.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  in an editor.  (On a trackpad, use a 2-fingered tap.)
```

Author: Changed in latest (force) push.

- CTRL-clicking and dragging will zoom in on a specific region of the image.  You
  can also control the zoom level with CTRL-scroll (or CTRL-swipe up/down).

  CTRL-double-click to restore the full view.

- You can pan the view by clicking and dragging, or by scrolling your
  mouse/trackpad (scroll=vertical, SHIFT-scroll=horizontal).

  On Linux/Windows, you can also use your keyboard to pan (arrow keys plus SHIFT

>   and CTRL modifiers). (This is not functional on Macs.)

Reviewer: I don't think it's functional on Linux either. We could either delete this or just leave as is to annoy me into fixing it :stuck_out_tongue:

Author: 😄 I deleted it.

- Right-clicking on a bar calls the `edit()` function to open the line
  in an editor

- CTRL-clicking and dragging will zoom in on a specific region of the image.  You
  can also control the zoom level with CTRL-scroll (or CTRL-swipe up/down).

>   On Linux/Windows, double-click to restore the full view (not functional on Macs).

Author: ```suggestion
CTRL-double-click to restore the full view.
```

- You can pan the view by clicking and dragging, or by scrolling your 
  mouse/trackpad (scroll=vertical, SHIFT-scroll=horizontal). 
  
  On Linux/Windows, you can also use your keyboard to pan (arrow keys plus SHIFT

>   and CTRL modifiers),and double-click to restore the full view (these are not 

Author: ```suggestion
  and CTRL modifiers), and double-click to restore the full view (these are not 
```
